how but how do they say to florence of
pig the label element because we are
started from 500 meters and we are stopped by
had avenues
we are getting there, but 100 is missing
km but also 106 it has arrived then
friends of the dl ago but are waiting for us at the lake
salty wolf no to the lake of the boom
that there is a wolf's tail that he has today
already taken there is always ugly pescara
from
deceives time
here
so between man knows where the wolf lake is
the year of the wolf beware that when
forward from goes forward because he does n't know about
susa in the car I lined up the CEO
they are hitchhiking and I was what
I expected that drift and half of
delay always punctual and proper
straight then mount hi hello a
all good friends right then we are
arrived an hour and a half late
today we will give you a nice surprise but
soccer sport lovers
here waiting for us we had to wait for us
however we are wounded so badly for
an accident is an embarrassing thing
off we are arrived from goode the wolf
we are next to napolitano
we are close to parma and therefore
we will meet the players of the parma spot
T - shirts now for those who enjoy good fishing
the fishing that the t-shirts do not print
no one knows how much it costs so holy yes
find but let's go we don't do anymore
who already is waiting for with
comfortable because good morning hi me the
young to this fat man 19 still in
I came from Gianfranco Switch
like the previous day
There are plays to savings on
surprise surprise points you wanted to say
but this seat of the Parma club
I'm not a fan of the famous own
palate that you've had a break
but we do yes but if we have already started dc then do
these things do not pass by the hour
exact
we are the oldest children of the world
welcome we are at the wolf lake comes
part madama where you go as you do
the two most current molecular faces and here
under it it was understood that my mother
homeland dying unfortunately wounds to a
atheist because they are two guys going
from football a provincial team the
social authority attacked but contacted
when transparency will be one last
which I hope will give diagnostic examination
the purpose of investment use and these
two young boys at home ie still
he doesn't feel the hunchbacks of the parma e
andrea smoke of doing these events
earnings earnings in this ours
Maximum dear to me have so ago
I lived I don't believe it
judgment with fishing the shirt of
parma we are at a good word for christ
this first beautiful gift would listen to me
but weighs the wrong race ten cars
spain in connection with what nearby
so I am the gentleman you see here has
the gentleman they embrace tune
vague and rest I have not so far is
an institution the organs
as big data that absolutely
then there is no such day even now
nothing and we are there where the attention that
had emerged from the Italian of this ne
we are center but you are also maximum
gobbi never booed and unloaded for the
next time
still we eat is us is what is there
been this little accidents are not
stay for an hour and fifty hours yes
eat whimsical species are the gap
here we are clean from bullies in the bank
disk
astra you finish from already eaten nothing
nothing me when good english
go and shit to clean with the
fateful looks at another dish but
what eats between what must be attached
guys, but this is good, it annoys me
salad is good I don't want the works
if I have to put fat in the walls but the
bowl that has you behind the camera
you can't see but there is a barbapapà between canvases
and I mean it's not that center one
bari say these
well
Yup